\section{Application} \label{sec application}
In this section, we provide an application of the results derived in
the previous sections using the data described by \cite{Mroz1987}.
The data consists of 753 married white women with ages between 30
and 60 years old in 1975, with 428 women that worked at some point
during that year. The response variable used in this application is
the \textit{wage rates} $\left(y\right)$, that represent a measure
of the wage of the housewife known as the average hourly earnings.
It is important to stress that if the wage rates are set equal to
zero, these wives did not work in 1975. Therefore, these
observations are considered left censored at zero. The predictor
variables considered were the wife's age $\left(x_1\right)$, her
years of schooling $\left(x_2\right)$, the number of children
younger than six years old in the household $\left(x_3\right)$ and
the number of children between six and nineteen years old
$\left(x_4\right)$. These data were analyzed by \cite{Arellano2012}
using the T-CR model. We reanalyze the data set with the aim of
providing additional inferences by using the SMN distributions. We
applied  the EM-type algorithm for censored data explained in
Section \ref{sec Estimation EM}, considering the cases when the
error term follows a normal (N-CR), Student-t (T-CR), slash (SL-CR)
and contaminated normal (CN-RM) distributions, for comparative
purposes. Each one of the 753 vectors of explanatory variable
values is given by $\mathbf{x}^{\top}_i=(1,x_{1i},x_{2i},x_{3i},x_{4i})$, for $i=1,\ldots,753$.\\
